More glossary entries (#874)
browserengineering/book: book/glossary.md

__HTTPS__: A variant of HTTP that uses public-key cryptography for
network security.

__Hypertext__: A non-linear form of information comprised of multiple documents
connected with contextual links.

__JavaScript__: The scripting language for the web. (WebAssembly also now
exists but is much less common.)

__URL__: Uniform Resource Locator. The name used to refer uniquely to a web
page.

__Rendering engine__: The part of a Web Browser concerned with drawing a web
page to the screen and interacting with it. There are three rendering engines
actively maintained today: Chromium, WebKit and Gecko.

__Script__: A piece of code that extends a web page with more functionality,
usually written in __JavaScript__.

__Web Security__: The property of the web being safe to load a web page in a
browser without harm (such as malicious software reading private data or 

> corrupting computer state) will result.

Reviewer: Hmm, this seems like an odd definition. Like—this is a kind of web security possibly exclusive of web application security.

Reviewer: I'm not even sure I *can* come up with a good definition. Best I can do is:

> The ability of the web (or individual browsers or applications that are part of it) to be used without causing unintentional harm. There are lots of different aspects of security: browser security (the computer system a browser is running on can't be harmed by it), web application security (a web application can't be harmed by its users), privacy (a third party can't harm a web user by observing their use of the web), and many others.

Reviewer: If you don't like this one I say we just don't define this.

standardization organization for __HTML__, __DOM__, and a few other key web
APIs.

Web Documents
=============

__Animation__: A sequence of visual changes on a computer screen
interpreted by humans to look like movement.

> __Attribute__; A parameter on an __element__ indicating some information,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
__Attribute__: A parameter on an __element__ indicating some information,
```

Also perhaps you mean HTML attribute? Because CSS attributes also exist but I'm not sure this definition exactly applies. (Pseudo-elements can have attributes.)

__Element__: Most __Nodes__ in the __DOM__ tree are Elements (except for
text and the document object). (Inherits from __Node__.)

__Event__: A way for JavaScript to observe that something has happened on the
document, and customize its results.

> __Focus__: Ahe property of an __element__ being the highlight, or "focus",

Reviewer: ```suggestion
__Focus__: The property of an __element__ being the highlight, or "focus",
```

I would not italicize `element` because some non-HTML elements like, say, the address bar can also have focus.

of user interaction, and therefore receiving keyboard events and being
visually highlighted on the screen.

__Font__: A particular stylistic way of drawing a particular human language to

> computer screens. Arial is one common example for Latin-based langauges.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
computer screens. Times New Roman is one common example for Latin-based languages.
```

At least in the US, Times New Roman seems better known to my students. (Something something high school essays.) No idea what's better known internationally? Helvetica?

__IFrame__: A way of embedding a child __document__ within a parent, through
a rectangular window on the screen reserved for it that participates in the
layout of the parent.

__Image__: A representation of a picture to draw on a computer screen. An
HTML element of the same name, for the same purpose.

__Node__: A point in the __DOM__ tree, with parent and child pointers.

__Page__: The conceptual container for a __document__. Unlike its physical
analogue, a page can have multiple documents (through use of __iframes__).

__Style sheet__: A document resource that contains __CSS__ rules.

> __Tag__: The name of a particular type of HTML element, indicating its

Reviewer: Ok, this is super duper nit-picky, but this is defining the "tag name", not the "tag". The way the HTML standard uses these terms (see, say, https://html.spec.whatwg.org/multipage/syntax.html#elements-2) is that if you have

    <b>asdf</b>

Then this is one _element_ (and one text node), with two _tags_ (start and end), each of which has _tag name_ `b`.

semantic function in the document. Usually comes with special style rules
and functionality specific to it.

Networking
==========

__GET__: The mode of HTTP that retrieves a server resource without changing it.

__Cookie__: A piece of persistent, per-site state stored by web browsers
to enable use cases like user logged-in status for access-controlled content.

__Domain__: The name of a website, used to locate it on the internet.

__Path__: The part of a URL after the domain and port.

> __Port__: A number after the domain and before the part in a URL, indicating

Reviewer: ```suggestion
__Port__: A number after the domain and before the path in a URL, indicating
```

a numbered place on that domain with which to communicate.

> __POST__: THe mode of HTTP that submits a change to server state and expects

Reviewer: ```suggestion
__POST__: The mode of HTTP that submits a change to server state and expects
```

a newly updated web page in response.

__Scheme__: The first part of a URL, indicating which protocol to use for
communication, such as __HTTP__ or __HTTPS__.

> __SSL__: Secure Sockets Layer. An encryption-based protocol that enables

Reviewer: Should we put the definition term as `TLS/SSL`? Or maybe clarify the distinction in the definition? (SSL is an older protocol, TLS replaces it, all connections now use TLS, though SSL remains common terminology for both.)

secure __HTTP__ (i.e., __HTTPS__) connections.

CSS
===

> __Cascade order__: The order of applicaiton of multiple __CSS rules__ to a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
__Cascade order__: The order of application of multiple __CSS rules__ to a
```

single elemnet.

__Computed Style__: The values for the __CSS Properties__ that apply to
elements after applying all __rules__ according to the __cascade__ order.

__CSS property__: A single concept (such as "color" or "width") used to style
a specific part of an __element__.

__CSS Property value__: a key-value pair of a __CSS property__ and its value
(e.g. "color" and "blue" or "width" and "30px").

__CSS Rule__: The combination of a __selector__ and __property values__.

__CSS Selector__: A way of specifying to which __Elements__ a given list of
__property values__ apply.

__Inheritance__: The property of certain CSS styles (such as font sizing) applying to descendant elements in the __document tree__ by default.

__Style__: All the pieces of information necessary to determine the visual

> display of an __Element__.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
display of an __element__.
```

Rendering
=========

__Accessibility tree__: A tree representing the semantic meaning of a web page
meant for consumption by __assistive technologies__.

> __Canvas__: A conceptual place in which to execute a display list, typically

Reviewer: ```suggestion
__Canvas__: A conceptual object which can execute drawing commands, typically
```

__Visual effect__: A CSS property that does not affect __layout__.

__Zoom__: Changing the ratio of CSS sizes to pixels in order to  make
content on a web page larger or smaller.

Computer technologies
=====================

__Assistive technology__: Computer software used to assist people in using
the computer or web browser. The most common are screen readers.

> __CPU__: Centra Processing Unit, a generic piece of hardware that is able
> to excute computer programs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
__CPU__: Central Processing Unit, the hardware component in a computer
that executes generic computer programs.
```

Rewrote the definition a bit so that GPUs don't satisfy the definition.

__DukPy__: A JavaScript interpreter used in this book.

__GPU__: Graphics Processing Unit, a specialized computing chip optimized for
tasks common to generating pixel output on computer screens.

__Process__: An conceptual execution environment with its own code and
memory, isolated from other processes by hardware and software computer
mechanisms.

> __Python__: A common scripting computer programming language, used in this

Reviewer: ```suggestion
__Python__: A common computer programming language, used in this
```

Reviewer: Humor me :)

book to implement a toy browser.

__Thread__: A single execution command sequence on a CPU. Most CPUs have

> these days can excute multiple threads at once within a single __process__.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
these days can execute multiple threads at once within a single __process__.
```
